Now that the Perl importer is practically done its time to convert it over to PHP.

i say convert but really its time for me to learn PHP so that i can then convert it over. so heres a summary of what is needed with this PHP.


1. PHP insert new team name into database.
2. Allocate a driver into a team, by default they can be in a team called non which is allowed unlimited drivers

ok so i forgot to track what im doing.

i've decided to do something different, so presently im building the the schedule manager.

schedule manager consists of the following

to be able to schedule a race we need to know the following:
  * whats the track
  * whats the season/series being raced
  * what game is it for
  * when is the race

the following are the tables

WLMgame
WLMtracks
WLMseries
WLMtracks







current code allows an unauthenticated user to insert records into the WLMgame table.

the WLMgame table consists of just 2 columns 

ID,gamename

this will be a master table in which tracks will be assigned as you can have the same namede track on different mods/game types.

i.e.  

ARCA, daytona
FSone, daytona
NFSshift, daytona.

so when we go to build a season we want just the tracks from that gametype/mod to be available, this allows for an auto generation of a season if required by just selecting the tracks which are valid.

in v1 we have a very basic form which just allows inserting of game types.

*roadmap*
  * view existing games
  * see how many/what tracks have been assigned to the game type
  * add game types
  * copy tracks to a game type (useful for if theres a new version ie ARCA10 and the same tracks exist)







